my name is Christine Collins on March
10th my nine-year-old son Walter Collins
disappeared the five-month investigation
led to a boy being brought to Los
Angeles from DeKalb Illinois the LAPD
told me and all of you that this boy was
my son he was not my son is this mrs.
Christine Collins yes I'm the pastor
over at st. Paul's Presbyterian I've
made it my mission in life to bring to
light all the things the LAPD I wish
none of us ever know about this police
department does not tolerate dissent and
you are in a position to embarrass them
and they do not like it I just want my
son home
why are you doing this mrs. karma you
will stop looking for my scar should we
be looking for someone we've already
found the mayor wants this to go away do
this you had a convey the President to
the Los Angeles County General Hospital
psychopathic ward by signing this you
certify the police for writing and
sending you here for observation and it
dissolves them of all responsibility
come on son then orderly what the hell
have you done with Christine Collins I
know my son is out there I can still
feel him your son unfortunately would
not be the first but if you do right you
may very well be the last your handling
of the Christine Collins case has
exposed this department to public
ridicule if the more you brought back is
not Walter Collins
then where the hell is he
[Applause]
you